Sorry.
Hello grandpa
Dad, I only need 2 minutes of your time.
Don't hang up
Yaoyao provoked your work
It's really his fault.
What about just now?
His parents have already severely criticized him at home
What about this?
Dad is also responsible
Didn't teach him well
Caused him to make such a serious mistake
Are you free now?
Mom and Dad took him to apologize to you in person
No need, don't dad Yaya
Dad, please!
You give Yaoyao a chance
Also give parents a chance
There were many things that my parents did wrong in the past
Don't break your heart.
But can you look at grandma's face?
You have no right to mention grandma
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
I'm not qualified to mention your grandmother
But
If grandma knew that the Bai family would be here, dad
In my hand
He will be heartbroken
By then he was getting sicker
It's all my parents' fault
You're right to be sad
We don't ask for your forgiveness
I would if you want
Yuanyuan, how can you calm down?
As long as dad can make it in 2 minutes
Nope.
You who fail
Feel free to go online if you need help
Don't worry, Mr. Si
I can handle it myself
Then I shall go home first.
I send
You don't have to happen to be on the way out, okay?
You still can't let him go